the day after a draw against
Sparta Prague started quietly in Austria
the training for the
selection players the guys who yesterday
played much of the game
none the separate from the other vitesse
to sean you did not go the separate from the
group
General Manager Joost de Wit is this one
week also a few days and austria
he is satisfied with the situation
I think that the club is very good
for sitting at an aske beautiful location
now satisfied with that the european
qualifies his end of the week
we will know who we are against
play
yes everyone is trained hard there
fully occupied with the new season
yes i am satisfied
hdv problem this week a nice one
transfer made from vitesse to psv
a club that they wanted to go to
hen vitesse could be proud because is one
boy from the club that they live all their life in
played in Arnhem
yes nice transfer definitely a nice mask
transfer for davy we can get the book from
heartily he ever had you can muesli
we play at the national champion
of course but also a good deal
I went for vitesse last year
broken open contracts and new ones
for glad he didn't trance for now
walk out the door but we don't
just a good deal
make up for the club club has
another midfielder left this summer
from arnhem
May I chose one we chose for one
new adventure at feyenoord but i was
it came very well done at Vitesse
then free of van heracles
and yes for vitesse also good that there
now a top and millions in amount
has arrived so yes there we are
very satisfied with it
the two midfielders away two
defining midfielders but if you go
now look at the selection that is already
pretty complete yes we have we have
timely
anticipated
on we thought that would come so we
have with with after then with
property with cup just have one
good substitutes already won one
very early stage of the yard and lady
brought in
milo chica is also one of the
newcomers in arnhem
the few outside play has it to
his sentence and his first weeks in arnhem
where you want thracian and you measure in
you shot my position and you are left or
drink right
we have good i don't want he can do it
and we have good cross with that
laughter or via email
narrower zone
last job trial the vitesse what your
membrane always ready
we lay people here accomodations
was very good people for a long time
friendly and the players
to be friends he stayed in kymco both
had to ring again
and the indulgence demand another mine
tenth and thirty twenty men 1 woman
within national team and dare kosovo
accept the coconut oil nuts for steam
you like fifa
so like and play for both so far vitesse
plate tree girls and your style is
actual pounds
we check I live what does it with the
fat not my best so me and he can do
watch your goal for the sea tomorrow
me to play
we have team for the team
close has the players that yesterday
against Sparta Prague played
days training ended from it
a cup of foot volley
No
hey
Yes
bread that you